CLEAR skin is more important than lighter skin. clear your skin thats enough
im proud of my dark skin.i dont want to be fair.you should be happy with what you are.
melanin is very important dear , prevents cancer.
one word do what u like n love what you do.
flash light infront of u is clearly visible
and also melanin is so important .it prevents cancer .and the chemicals which you used decreases melanin content and increases the probability of cancer
dont believe them they all are giving paid reviews.
this is the kinda audience base we need in india more. all the comments i see here are about being happy with ur original skin colour.
dont advertise these things. 
harms others.
this particular brand pays youtubers to review them. i seriously dont get the ethics these kinda youtubers have. no sense at all. 
after 3mnths you look the same as before
im a type of person who looks good only in my dark skin. i never used filters to my pics. my darkness gives me happiness.all matters is your  personality.
are you a doctor? long term use of it can have adverse effect,even life threatening.so i request you not to advertise such things
real beauty
they are aall doing for money  they have thier sales profit in product
cant take this much of gyaan in my mind.
this doesnt make u beautiful. still u look average.
what is the cost of 500 mg dose and where can i purchase it, seems promising
o thoughtless   mortals,  ever blind to fate.  to soon defected too soon to elate. beauty in vain,  pretty eyes may roll. 
but where is glow.
i have extreme freckles all over my face and that makes me insecure about my looks and people even look me like theyre digusted that makes me very awkward about my looks so i heard that gluthoine also helps lightening freckles!!
obsessed with glutathione tablets, drips etc whenever i see your videos its like theres nothing beside skin whitening. are you trying to be female version of michael jackson?
now a days she is more passionate about money money and honey. keep continue didi . 
as a dermatologist i used many of glutathione oral products but none of them work even after 3 months
doesnot work
please stop making insane videos like this. dark skin is beautiful and people like u should stop promoting this products being educated
just have different types of juices and prevent from sun. thats enough.  if this works everone will become color right.
u need to take eye drops
people in the comment section loving themselves for their dark skin ,stop insulting us 
this girl is rat of labs.
as per ur video in may 2018, u have given -ve feedback n now u r telling it works.
great one more video to encourage fair skin, when will this obsession for fairness go  
is it permanent in colour change or i hv to use whole life
i love my dark skin.
thanks for the knowledge
people loving thier colour. that age is gonee fair and lovly one.
actually im living in my kennel coz im a dog breeder so just because of that i have to work in direct sun light please for that thing which which kind of precaution i have to follow to get best results.
did you consult any doctor before taking these tablets?
love u sister.
i m worried about this girls mental balance,try be organic
mitochondria theory of ageing pr b kuch effect karta h kya ye .
this is harmful
you guys need to be sued for playing with others health and taking an undue advantage of insecurities of people.
used for 4 months just waste of money
im 53 years old.medium complection .
be happy with what you have.
everyone is beautiful in this world. so,love yourself
where can i find this?
plz give me ur mobile number.i contact to you.plz reply
thanks didi for suggestion
have shame
looking gorgeous
take natural gluthonine from cabbage, cauliflower broccoli radish. keep glowing. avoid any form of supplement s. go natural foods
can i thyroid patient take it too?
u r looking beautiful
everyone should know that she is sponsored . she gets money.and instantly create this add. even she dint use it .its all scripted
this price mam
greedy
but u r skin doesnt look that good it has some pigmentation inspite of makeup, aur tumhari skin glow bhi nahi ho rahi hai, inspite of camera filters
side effects problems hay
the more chemical u put in the more ur body will get affected
Dont promote this nonsense. our skin shade is enough for us  
i used this product, but no result .try for ur business carry on
i tried but it didnt work i got more dark skin so i stopped to take
is there any side effects?.can i use it without consulting a doctor?
how to become a racist in one month 
i used last 3months before but it doesnt worked on my face. i wasted my 15000rs i felt really bad plz guys dont buy  
dear congratulation you will get skin cancer soon.cancer of melanocyte . because your chemical kills skin cells which prevent skin cancer causing by beta rays of sun light
fake never use , products which encourages people to get fair skin because it has many cancer properties uses
link of escor z?
i have a govt job. no need to be a fair skin tone.
rip
just drink every day one glass of orange juice.
is it permanent solution?
dark circles and pigmentation will go
drink timing plz
uneducated women. nonsense. its harmful for stomach.
you are beautiful
is it safe without consulting a doctor
uneducated women. dont try this guys i am a doc
i have dark skin. im not ugly, you are.
its very injurious to health
love it a lot
hey you are yourself into makeup and giving knowledge to people.!!please dont mislead people 
you are beautiful maidam
please give me some suggestions
please reply first, nice content
can glutathione tablets can used by men? seems promising
why this is even on my recommendations 
are you a dermatologist? fraud
side effects
this lady is sick just like others who believe in fairness is beauty. absolutely insane, please change you mindset.
thanks so much 
i better use sweat fir glowing skin.
u r so beautiful
now a days everyone promoting chemicals , processed food only
welcome stupids to my channel
superb
maam thankyou so much
research ,dont believe blindly  
how many capsules in a day, nice
love the fact that many guys dont have problems with dark toned girls anymore. people have grown wiser.
if you tack this pills for whitening ?? you will conform to disease warning for you 
in logon ne youtube ko clinic bna liya hai dr ja bkwas hai ye sb
after spending 40k no result.
in the name of prove she wants views for her videos
she - wears 10kg of makeup for the video.
how can i get it , it works
you are a lier, are you proud of it.??
first remove the filters in your video it is edited before upload
so skin whitening creams were not enough we need capsules, medicines, drips etc.inject stuff to make one white- when will this madness stop!!!! be happy with who you are gosh!!!
maam please your shade of lipstick?
are there no side effects 
guys, lets report this video and save thousands of people from getting badly affected by this.
i think its nice product
rip doctors
definitely i can see the change in ur skin tone but  please dont do such experiments  its might give opposite results  in  future. best way is to do facial exercise
works for me
i used it for 3 months but i cannot see any results
beautiful maam
dont  try  this  dont  waste  your  money. dont  damage  your  liver  with  side  effect of  this  medicine
side effect too many
i think you should try reflectatine
price.????
why you use this type of artificial vitamins. is it have no side effects. if you need then take it naturally . sweet girl.
beware of kidney stones being formed
dark skin is more sexy and glamorous  when compared to white skin .  people are doing everything to get skin tanned
just for money dont promote such type of misleading product .u r earning money from innocent girls
i took for 4 month,  i see very little improvement.  i want to become fair. any other medicine suggestions
if u r happy with what u have then nothing is required to be young and beautifull.be happy be young
maam are you using this tablet?plzz tell me
this is funny
i did not expect this from you, still promoting to get lighter skintone instead of encouraging people to be happy in their own skin? this ad wasnt worth all.
mental who are like this
people who thinks white skin is very beautiful then they are wrong .dark skin also beautiful. lord krishna was also blessed with dark skin
its paid promotion guys fake ha dont used it
you are good looking
you are so cute .natural skin
colour is doesnt matter. . im dark but im not ugly  
im happy with my skin.if you are talented skin colour no matter.
dose anyone get any change by using this product plz tell meh
no point in becoming fair even rihanna and will smith are black
see no one said that being black is not fair.  its just that whoever wants to be fair they can try
how much does it cost.?
glutone 1000 available in pakistan?
make a video how to improve digestive system. im sure 90% people have bad digestive system, im also!
am satisfied with my dark skin
it is working
but ur skin is not glowing??why??
im the only one to dislike this video???
discrimination from such sponser videos . dont fool india
"do colors of skin matters if you have a fair heart. 
wow never expected this woman to do such a video
why you guys are promoting fairness
any side effects?
super duper
i love you
allow your bodies to consume dead cells by being on water fast for a week. start with 24hr water fast. does wonders
take natural gluthonine from cabbage, cauliflower broccoli radish. keep glowing. avoid any form of supplement s. go natural foods
how many boxes to buy incase we need to finish 4month course
dont waste your time and health.this is a paid aid.
what the hell
report this video, upside right option
please dont ruin their life
this product will work a lot in west indies
dont use any type of medicine natural looking good colour dont matter
you are so beautiful.
does it reduce pimples
thanks
my advice.without proper doctor advise do not opt any such products as any medical complications could cost you  alot. dont run behind ads without consent from doctor.
i love you
i love you
i love you
i love you
my body skin is so fair but my face has become so tanned according to body colour and especially forehead what to do now
dont create inferiority complex of your face your face and you are unique so dont waste your time in uniqueness .youre awesome
stupidity.
we are black king. will u be our queen
is this video  sponsored
side effects 
melanin is required
what the hell
great results
acceptance
dont use medicine
does this works on men and what sunscreen you suggest for men?
i love ur genuine opinion 
not fda approved
really good
waste video
are you a doctor, maam? how are you prescribing it? this is irresponsible on your part.
that tablet is just like having juice like rasna.its just vitamin c. doctor had prescribed it to my lil sis as she was getting excess pimples.and it worked.
i will. give u result
superb
how much price
side effects are there its so rare to find these kinds of products without any harm to our body. so imagine what if we r using this product for long. save yourself.
guys be aware its all these rubish stuffs are very harmfull for health.for fair skin we need do yoga and gim on daily basis.this lady is promoting is highly paid dont beleve them and be organic
it didnt go well with me. in fact i started getting pimples all over my face and now i am curing that too 
actually it wouldnt work.
dark skin is definitely turn on
if you think you are so because of these, damn it,
can boys use
carrot orange juice is a natural way to improve skin tone. pls dont use this type of tables. side effect  is sure
they have any side effects madam please tell me
thank you
i m happy with my dusky complexion, please report this
why is everyone crazy to become fair. jus accept ur skin tone, & love ur skin. there is nothing tht can change u from dark to fair. pls use common sense. jus take care of ur skin, but dont try to change the skin color.
drinking good acerola cherry powder vitamin c .is the best .for skin and body
dont believe this too many side effects
without makeup no one would like to see you 
i feel like reporting your channel.
you look like 40 years old grandmawhen you talk your wrinkles are laughing sorry grandma
are you a doctor
maam can u share ur previous pics before taking this supplement.
stop encouraging like this activity by sponsorship.wakeup.feeling shame
don t use please this drug
jus saw ua old videos.your skin looks far more beautiful in your old videos.i m convinced skin color hardly matters
but i cant see any changes in you.
i am so annoyed. youtube wouldnt stop suggesting me this stupid video.
this is working
please price
totally paid promotion 
this is totally insane n harmfull
can we stop using after we getting desired colour.seems promising
can we stop using after we getting desired colour.seems promising
can we stop using after we getting desired colour.seems promising
beautiful video maam
no results
report her video guys. this is really shameful
madam , is this medicine available in african country
i just made a purchase from the link that is mentioned.let s see if this works, will share my experience too.
business pure business.or should i call it a scam
pimples,scars
this medicine price
pimples
kindly report this video.this is very harmful for our health.stop this .guys come on report this type content.
report this
she is gone crazy
if we drink glutone 1000 is there any side effects and at age we have to drink the glutone 1000 with water
your voice is good. in love with that
side effects
please  dont  do  these  type  of  promotions  of  medicine  which  are  harmful  .only  for  the  sake of  money
can boys use
can boys use
side effects
see the well known side effects of drug is infertility and depression which the anchor is facing her   are dull
is it usefull for dark spots and pimples?
you are beautiful
does anyone know that glutone 1000 (15 tablets) costs you 2398 rupees?
awesome
nice information .new subscriber 
you will very hot and cute
where is available
you are so cute
you are so cute
very informative video.detailing video.thanks for sharing .2k more to go for 70k.
price 
drugs can mess up our body and brain,and its irreplacable 
stupid
this effects liver stop this
is already beautiful and is telling as if it was all from eating and drinking.
no use
we should not use chemical on our face and tablets 
side effects
life sucks
tablets is too much of cost
start making your heart white,  skin never matter
why not after all these, i see your pimples
consuming trace elements in huge amount everyday is not going to change anything in the metabolism of the body. it is common sense.
we should love our self the way god created us
india is rascist
nice. but i never try
you will land in hospital with kidney stone.never go with such fools.glutathione is another aminoacid which if you over use may make your liver suffer.karina kapoor or aiswarya rai never use lux but we used it.  
thanks for sharing this video
nice mam love your videos
ahh i think you are working on the skin which ages totter .friends you get old donot waste time of body attachments .concentrate on the one which never ages.(concentrate on supreme)
price is too high
no brains
it gives amazing results but you have to use it for 2-3 months
thanks nidhi ji   you are right and great
please guys dont buy it
nice
helps in pimple and dark spot 
what to do for pimples acne and pit marks
what the hell, nonsense
melanin production also helps in fighting ageing so the more darker you are the more lucky you are. love your melanin girls
to make white skin it doesnt need to use all these method.as per my knowlede our skin just need sunlight as well as even if we live in cold weather places.
i cant buy them 
dont  use this product.
side effects any allergy
drink adequate amount of water, eat fresh fruits, maintain a healthy diet, rather than wasting money on this product
nice work
report this
work well for me
you are very beautiful
rascism at its best
karma will come
i love to be fair
beauty is fairness